title: Code of Conduct Transparency Report 2024
---

# Code of Conduct Transparency Report 2024

We are committed to making Electromagnetic Field an inclusive and welcoming event. Part of that commitment is implementing a Code of Conduct and methods for reporting and dealing with those who break it. Everybody in the EMF community is required to follow this code of conduct at the event and on any EMF related online channels. 

Every incident reported is taken seriously and assessed by two or more team members. A large or very serious incident will involve the whole team. 

## Incidents

The Conduct team dealt with 7 reports at EMF 2024. Below are ones we think are of significance, and that are worth highlighting to the EMF community:

* Poems involving themes of sexual assault were posted to noticeboards and toilet blocks around the site. They were taken down as soon as they were found. Unfortunately the person responsible was never identified.
* An unattended child was being unruly and physical in their behaviour. They were chaperoned whilst their parent was located.
* An incident involving an intoxicated person and serious physically abusive behaviour, involving multiple people, was reported. 

## Outcomes

One attendee was spoken to after we judged a report to be false in its accusation against them.

We’ve unfortunately had to ban two attendees for multiple events for actions involving suspected assault, destruction of property and general disruption. 

Had we been able to conclusively identify other offenders, further action would have been taken.